Hello everyone today we have in the review article
parking system flashpoint 400 and
which went on sale in this
month namely in march 2013
parking is unique and has a number
the advantages of which I will now try
tell you the first thing you want
note this is a new anti-glare
matrix display informing the driver
obstacles drinking in various ways
display adjustment is possible as in
vertical and horizontal
position a universal way
mounting the display allow it
organically fit into any interior
car and also set this
display either on the car dashboard or
on the windshield
the size of this display is about eight
centimeters wide it is also smaller
became than the model 400 z from the same
producer note scotch
he is here the 3rd mask that says that
temperature drops will not affect
reliability of fastening of this display
the system received a new control unit
the company left the customers wishes as well
installers and made a number of changes was
plastic case added
connecting all the wires coming from the unit
in a single cashier
this will eliminate false appeal
in service and securely fasten the wires
the system was also first implemented
model in which the display and buzzer
divorced into separate components all this
affected the expansion of the functional
parking and the possibility of two systems
create 8 tooth rear parking admissible
the display will respond and the front will
answer
buzzer sensors themselves have not undergone
no changes are all the same sensors
which are used in 400 z and parking
800 same as i said the system now
disconnected display works separately a
there was also such a buzzer
he has double sided tape enough
long wire you do not connect it
directly because to connect it
need to use an adapter which
also included as you see
there is no way out for him there
hooked up but here there is such
adapter which is also provided
fuse you connect start
him and then directly
connect to it yourself zoom
I want to note that here you can
adjust both pitch and volume
this buzzer actually function
very comfortable i think everyone who
will put this system will this
function to use it here
the switches on the measurement are two separate
one is responsible for there the other is responsible for
volume as it looks live
how this display displays the information you
can watch at the end of this video
I think it will be interesting to you if you
want to put yourself in a good system
river of luck
volume and tone are regulated